Husband, you go in first,
I said a few words to him. Okay, just a few quick words,
I promise. Talk about it.
On Monday, you remember what you wanted to do before.
You said you wanted to take over the Zhou family. That's something I had a long time ago.
What I want to do now, what am I?
It was still like this a few months ago. That's what I wanted to do before.
I don’t want any Zhou family now. If you want the Zhou family, give it to them.
I just want it now. you,
The Zhou family is not what he wants and you give it to him.
This is his average skill,
Take over yourself. necessary,
I've taken over. I can still be with you,
It was you who had been chasing me before
It turns out you also know that I used to like you
But I don't like you now
How is it impossible
And now I don't like you at all
How to get married
I was the one chasing you before, right?
But aren't you enjoying it?